Consume all transports (#16143)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/01_Getting_Started/00_Installation/01_Webserver_Installation.md

## 5. Maintenance Cron Job

Maintenance tasks are handled with Symfony Messenger. The `pimcore:maintenance` command will add the maintenance

> messages to the bus. `pimcore:maintenance` however, will not process the maintenance messages itself. Instead,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
messages to the bus. However, `pimcore:maintenance` will not process the maintenance messages itself.
```

> independent workers are required to consume these messages from the queues and to actually perform maintenance tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Independent workers are required to consume these messages from the queues and perform maintenance tasks.
```

> In a typical pimcore installation you should set up workers for these transports:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a typical Pimcore installation, you should set up workers for these transports:
```

| # | Transport name                 | Purpose                                                                                       |
|---|--------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | 1 | pimcore_core                   | Core background tasks such as converting videos, rendering asset previews, etc.               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1 | pimcore_core                   | Core background tasks such as converting videos, rendering Asset previews, etc.               |
```

| 2 | pimcore_maintenance            | [Maintenance tasks](../../20_Extending_Pimcore/16_Maintenance_Tasks.md)                       |
| 3 | pimcore_scheduled_tasks        | [Scheduled tasks](../../18_Tools_and_Features/03_Scheduling.md)                               |

> | 4 | pimcore_image_optimize         | Execute optimizers on asset image thumbnails                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 4 | pimcore_image_optimize         | Execute optimizers on Asset image thumbnails                                                     |
```

> | 4 | pimcore_image_optimize         | Apply optimizations to image assets                                                           |
> | 5 | pimcore_asset_update           | Updates of asset metadata                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| 4 | pimcore_image_optimize         | Execute optimizers on asset image thumbnails                                                     |
| 5 | pimcore_asset_update           | Process asset metadata e.g. Documents page count, Video duration/dimensions, Image previews etc. |
```

> | 5 | pimcore_asset_update           | Process asset metadata e.g. Documents page count, Video duration/dimensions, Image previews etc. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 5 | pimcore_asset_update           | Process Asset metadata e.g. Documents page count, Video duration/dimensions, Image previews etc. |
```

> | 3 | pimcore_image_optimize         | Apply optimizations to image assets                                                           |
> | 4 | pimcore_asset_update           | Updates of asset metadata                                                                     |
> | 6 | pimcore_search_backend_message | Updates the index for pimcore backend search. Only if you install `SimpleBackendSearchBundle` |

Author: ```suggestion
| 4 | pimcore_image_optimize         | Apply optimizations to image assets                                                           |
| 5 | pimcore_asset_update           | Updates of asset metadata                                                                     |
| 6 | pimcore_search_backend_message | Updates the index for pimcore backend search. Only if you install `SimpleBackendSearchBundle` |
```

> | 6 | pimcore_search_backend_message | Updates the index for pimcore backend search. Only if you install `SimpleBackendSearchBundle` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 6 | pimcore_search_backend_message | Update the index for Pimcore backend search. Only if you install `SimpleBackendSearchBundle` |
```

> Beware, that the actual transports depend on which core bundles you chose to install, so you will need to adjust the list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beware that the actual transports depend on which core bundles you installed. Therefore, you will need to adjust the list accordingly to your installation.
```

> in accordance with your installation. Use `bin/console debug:messenger` to list all available transports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `bin/console debug:messenger` to list all available transports.
```

> Consuming messages from the queues is performed with the `messenger:consume` command, i.e.: `bin/console messenger:consume pimcore_core ...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consuming messages from the queues is performed with the `messenger:consume` command (e.g., `bin/console messenger:consume pimcore_core ...`).
```

> You might need to spawn multiple workers, each consuming from a different queues to avoid blocking message processing by long-running tasks,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You might need to spawn multiple workers, each consuming from a different queue to avoid blocking message processing by long-running tasks,
```

> You might need to spawn multiple workers, each consuming from a different queue to avoid blocking message processing by long-running tasks,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might need to spawn multiple workers, each consuming from a different queue to avoid blocking message processing by long-running tasks.
```

> i.e.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```

```bash
bin/console messenger:consume pimcore_core pimcore_maintenance pimcore_scheduled_tasks pimcore_search_backend_message pimcore_asset_update
bin/console messenger:consume pimcore_image_optimize
```

> We recommend to follow the [Symfony Messenger guide](https://symfony.com/doc/current/messenger.html#deploying-to-production) for setting up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend following the [Symfony Messenger guide](https://symfony.com/doc/current/messenger.html#deploying-to-production) for setting up
```

> worker processes in production. The following is a simplified example for executing maintenance tasks using cron:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
worker processes in production. The following is a simplified example of maintenance tasks execution using cron:
```

# it's recommended to run the following command using a process control system like Supervisor
# please follow the Symfony Messenger guide for a best practice production setup: 
# https://symfony.com/doc/current/messenger.html#deploying-to-production
*/5 * * * * /your/project/bin/console messenger:consume pimcore_core pimcore_maintenance pimcore_scheduled_tasks pimcore_image_optimize pimcore_search_backend_message pimcore_asset_update --time-limit=300

> ```

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
*/5 * * * * /your/project/bin/console messenger:consume pimcore_core pimcore_maintenance pimcore_scheduled_tasks pimcore_search_backend_message --time-limit=300
*/5 * * * * /your/project/bin/console messenger:consume pimcore_asset_update --time-limit=300
*/5 * * * * /your/project/bin/console messenger:consume pimcore_image_optimize --time-limit=300
```

Maybe something like this? @dvesh3 WDYT?

# it's recommended to run the following command using a process control system like Supervisor
# please follow the Symfony Messenger guide for a best practice production setup: 
# https://symfony.com/doc/current/messenger.html#deploying-to-production
*/5 * * * * /your/project/bin/console messenger:consume pimcore_core pimcore_maintenance pimcore_scheduled_tasks pimcore_search_backend_message --time-limit=300
*/5 * * * * /your/project/bin/console messenger:consume pimcore_asset_update --time-limit=300
*/5 * * * * /your/project/bin/console messenger:consume pimcore_image_optimize --time-limit=300
```

Refer to [Symfony Messenger](../02_Advanced_Installation_Topics/01_Symfony_Messenger.md) for further information on working

> with the messenger component in pimcore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the messenger component in Pimcore.
```
